# Class Event in Google Calendar

## Link to docs

https://google-calendar-simple-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code/event.html

## Class structure

```python
class gcsa.event.Event(summary,
    start,
    end=None,
    *,
    timezone='Etc/UTC',
    event_id=None,
    description=None,
    location=None,
    recurrence=None,
    color_id=None,
    visibility='default',
    attendees=None,
    attachments=None,
    conference_solution=None,
    reminders=None,
    default_reminders=False,
    minutes_before_popup_reminder=None,
    minutes_before_email_reminder=None,
    guests_can_invite_others=True,
    guests_can_modify=False,
    guests_can_see_other_guests=True,
    transparency=None,
    _creator=None,
    _organizer=None,
    _created=None,
    _updated=None,
    _recurring_event_id=None,
    **other
)
```

## Parameters

- summary – Title of the event.

- start – Starting date/datetime.

- end – Ending date/datetime. If ‘end’ is not specified,
  event is considered as a 1-day or 1-hour event if ‘start’ is date or datetime respectively.

- timezone – Timezone formatted as an IANA Time Zone Database name,
  e.g. “Europe/Zurich”. By default,
  the computers local timezone is used if it is configured. UTC is used otherwise.

- event_id – Opaque identifier of the event. By default is generated by the server. You can specify id as a 5-1024 long string of characters used in base32hex ([a-vA-V0-9]). The ID must be unique per calendar.

- description – Description of the event. Can contain HTML.

- location – Geographic location of the event as free-form text.

- recurrence – RRULE/RDATE/EXRULE/EXDATE string or list of such strings. See recurrence

- color_id – Color id referring to an entry from colors endpoint (list_event_colors)

- visibility – Visibility of the event. Default is default visibility for events on the calendar. See Visibility

- attendees – Attendee or list of attendees. See Attendee. Each attendee may be given as email string or Attendee object.

- attachments – Attachment or list of attachments. See Attachment

- conference_solution – ConferenceSolutionCreateRequest object to create a new conference or ConferenceSolution object for existing conference.

- reminders – Reminder or list of reminder objects. See reminders

- default_reminders – Whether the default reminders of the calendar apply to the event.

- minutes_before_popup_reminder – Minutes before popup reminder or None if reminder is not needed.

- minutes_before_email_reminder – Minutes before email reminder or None if reminder is not needed.

- guests_can_invite_others – Whether attendees other than the organizer can invite others to the event.

- guests_can_modify – Whether attendees other than the organizer can modify the event.

- guests_can_see_other_guests – Whether attendees other than the organizer can see who the event’s attendees are.

- transparency – Whether the event blocks time on the calendar. See Transparency

- \_creator – The creator of the event. See Person

- \_organizer – The organizer of the event. See Person. If the organizer is also an attendee,
  this is indicated with a separate entry in attendees with the organizer field set to True. To change the organizer,
  use the move operation see move_event()

- \_created – Creation time of the event. Read-only.

- \_updated – Last modification time of the event. Read-only.

- \_recurring_event_id – For an instance of a recurring event,
  this is the id of the recurring event to which this instance belongs. Read-only.

- other – Other fields that should be included in request json. Will be included as they are. See more in https://developers.google.com/calendar/v3/reference/events
